dungeoncrawl/issues/attributes-issues.md, before:

## Current Issues
[32] - refactor and fix framerate drop


## Open Issues ##
[12] - update floor tiles
[13] - update wall tiles
[26] - add in sound
[29] - order characters on screen so they draw correctly
[30] - adjust AI so they take each other into account when pathfinding
[33] - update AI characters to be done on the server
        
## Resolved Issues ##
[1] - Draw 4 game characters
[2] - Draw Potions
[3] - Draw Items 
[8] - Test making character animate as it walks 
[10] - get mysql connector working properly
[11] - update potions styles
[14] - refactor walls and levels classes into one map class
[15] - render multiple random maps and save them
[16] - fix map loading file error
[17] - get scrolling and player movement
[18] - refactor to client/server directories
[19] - set animation speed based on characters move speed, math problem
[20] - fix map slowing down FPS when nearing edge of screen
[21] - update world coordinates every increment when scrolling
[22] - implement AI characters
[23] - make items stay in place when player scrolls on screen
[24] - Refactor renderMap into client/server components
[25] - create art for splash screen
[27] - refactor main to use a splash screen 
[28] - write method to be called in enter() on the client to generate all the AI characters
[31] - implement player AI effects
[34] - add invincibility cheat

Commit message:

Added controls to splash screen

dungeoncrawl/issues/attributes-issues.md, after:

## Current Issues
[35] - add controls to splash screen

## Open Issues ##
[12] - update floor tiles
[13] - update wall tiles
[26] - add in sound
[29] - order characters on screen so they draw correctly
[30] - adjust AI so they take each other into account when pathfinding
[33] - update AI characters to be done on the server
        
## Resolved Issues ##
[1] - Draw 4 game characters
[2] - Draw Potions
[3] - Draw Items 
[8] - Test making character animate as it walks 
[10] - get mysql connector working properly
[11] - update potions styles
[14] - refactor walls and levels classes into one map class
[15] - render multiple random maps and save them
[16] - fix map loading file error
[17] - get scrolling and player movement
[18] - refactor to client/server directories
[19] - set animation speed based on characters move speed, math problem
[20] - fix map slowing down FPS when nearing edge of screen
[21] - update world coordinates every increment when scrolling
[22] - implement AI characters
[23] - make items stay in place when player scrolls on screen
[24] - Refactor renderMap into client/server components
[25] - create art for splash screen
[27] - refactor main to use a splash screen 
[28] - write method to be called in enter() on the client to generate all the AI characters
[31] - implement player AI effects
[32] - refactor and fix framerate drop
[34] - add invincibility cheat
