dungeoncrawl/issues/items-issues.md, before:

##Open Issues##
[5] Update/test player interactions with items
[17] Add images for remaining items
[19] Update character images based on weapon material
[22] Add ability to throw items
[25] Add attack functionality
[26] Add functionality for Might effect

##Resolved Issues##
[1] Create database schema to hold items and player inventories
[2] Create stationary object class
[3] Create basic item class
[4] Create item manager class which handles database operations
[6] Update database code to use memory instead of database storage
[7] Fix infinite loops and remove print statements
[8] Add images to items
[9] Update give/take methods to work with current codebase
[10] fix file not found exception on windows
[11] Fix items spawning on walls
[12] Add images for items besides potions
[13] Add message box that displays item pickups
[14] Create player codex, a list of identified items
[15] Make potions with the same color have the same effect
[16] Add visual display for player inventory and codex
[18] Update character images based on their armor
[20] Add method for selecting and using/equipping items from inventory
[21] Add method to use equipped consumable items
[23] Make character effects functional
[24] Add item description to inventory display

Commit message:

resolved issue 22/25, added issues 27-30
issue 22 was resolved in the process of resolving issue 25 as multiple
attacks required items to be thrown

dungeoncrawl/issues/items-issues.md, after:

##Open Issues##
[5] Update/test player interactions with items
[17] Add images for remaining items
[19] Update character images based on weapon material
[26] Add functionality for Might effect
[27] Add attacks for Mage and Tank classes
[28] Add visual indicator of character effects
[29] Implement item stacking in inventory
[30] Add animations for thrown items breaking

##Resolved Issues##
[1] Create database schema to hold items and player inventories
[2] Create stationary object class
[3] Create basic item class
[4] Create item manager class which handles database operations
[6] Update database code to use memory instead of database storage
[7] Fix infinite loops and remove print statements
[8] Add images to items
[9] Update give/take methods to work with current codebase
[10] fix file not found exception on windows
[11] Fix items spawning on walls
[12] Add images for items besides potions
[13] Add message box that displays item pickups
[14] Create player codex, a list of identified items
[15] Make potions with the same color have the same effect
[16] Add visual display for player inventory and codex
[18] Update character images based on their armor
[20] Add method for selecting and using/equipping items from inventory
[21] Add method to use equipped consumable items
[22] Add ability to throw items
[23] Make character effects functional
[24] Add item description to inventory display
[25] Add attack functionality
